bpo-41730: Show deprecation warnings for tkinter.tix (#22186)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-09-10-07-23-24.bpo-41730.DyKFi9.rst

> The ``tkinter.tix`` module has been deprecated since Python 3.6. Warn a ``DeprecationWarning`` when importing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``DeprecationWarning`` is now raised when importing :mod:`tkinter.tix`, which has been deprecated in documentation since Python 3.6.
```
